feat: add a tip to the docs about using LabelScheduleSource (#509)
taskiq-python/taskiq: docs/guide/scheduling-tasks.md

You can check list of available schedule sources in the [Available schedule sources](../available-components/schedule-sources.md) section.

::: tip Cool tip!

> To use cron functionality, you must include **LabelScheduleSource** even if you use a different source (for example, **ListRedisScheduleSource**).

Reviewer: Okay, I don't get this tip. 

Did you mean, that in order to specify cron in task labels you have to include LabelScheduleSource?

Reviewer: Okay, let's make it a little bit less specific. Because it affects not only crons but schedule labels in general. 

So we can say something like:

```suggestion
To specify schedules (cron or time-based) in the labels of a task definition, you must include **LabelScheduleSource** along with any other sources you use (e.g., **ListRedisScheduleSource**).
```
